he spends the day very I keep thinking
you lightly follow my mind in my
dreams my dreams that I realize that
you are everything you always want
I just want to be able to tell you over and over
Once when I tell me how to get the
decorations because really but
meanwhile let me polls saying
be telling you that I love you that you leave without
I want it, life is my hope,
it is so lost a call to the doctor of
your heart that mine does not beat strange
your caresses your hair your smile and this
no feeling of yagüe that I
It is normal for you to be distressed that
nor with a clock walking and taking out games
from our ashes a sorcerer who tells me
a magician who does magic to me but is in
the tea back in my goal is worth what
valga feels cold sleep from the other
side of the bed hugging what's in
you were pillow
come back that I'm sorry there's nothing
to think with a yellow card because
I need the hours as a sign of
sea ​​and the days I get longer I'm
I think a million day is a week
prince portal and I'm a frog the
which was not expected from their princesses nor
a kiss or a look
if not these nations
You will feel the same if I have to say
and if you're not there, there's no vacuum and nothing
it's the same
and if that day did not stop crying and I have
what to say
leave you alone that was my fault thinking
that a few days would erase so much damage
being that says that I know that you lack the
respect but remember that in this world
nobody is perfect I'm just asking is
an opportunity for him to see that he loves you
the one that without you I am nothing, I was very
blind now I feel anger I feel jealous
when he saw you with another baby and I
despair and see my bed without table
I also miss you when someone
mentions is like a stab wow what
crazy that I understood that you had everything
it was my ego my ego and so I
they put all those who deceived you
I was lying because nobody believed for me
damn past and my fear of another life
He was a scoundrel I played with you now
like the calm and forcing in the wind
because you gave me bands
the closed that signal I can not anymore
we feel the same if I want
tell you I miss you
it is negative
his wounds did not stop crying and I have
to tell you that I miss your wedding
I feel lonely, it does not feel cold
but my chula returns more because I
I need in life
Unlicensed
and while he will die he will die